---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "temporalcloud_account_audit_log_sink Data Source - terraform-provider-temporalcloud"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Fetches details about an account audit log sink.
---

# temporalcloud_account_audit_log_sink (Data Source)

Fetches details about an account audit log sink.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `sink_name` (String) The unique name of the audit log sink.

### Read-Only

- `enabled` (Boolean) A flag indicating whether the audit log sink is enabled or not.
- `kinesis` (Attributes) The Kinesis configuration details when destination_type is Kinesis. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--kinesis))
- `pubsub` (Attributes) The PubSub configuration details when destination_type is PubSub. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--pubsub))
- `state` (String) The current state of the audit log sink.

<a id="nestedatt--kinesis"></a>
### Nested Schema for `kinesis`

Read-Only:

- `destination_uri` (String) The destination URI of the Kinesis stream where Temporal will send data.
- `region` (String) The region of the Kinesis stream.
- `role_name` (String) The IAM role that Temporal Cloud assumes for writing records to the customer's Kinesis stream.


<a id="nestedatt--pubsub"></a>
### Nested Schema for `pubsub`

Read-Only:

- `gcp_project_id` (String) The GCP project ID of the PubSub topic and service account.
- `service_account_email` (String) The service account email associated with the PubSub topic and service account.
- `service_account_id` (String) The customer service account ID that Temporal Cloud impersonates for writing records to the customer's PubSub topic.
- `topic_name` (String) The destination PubSub topic name for Temporal.
