---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "temporalcloud_service_accounts Data Source - terraform-provider-temporalcloud"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Fetches details about all Service Accounts.
---

# temporalcloud_service_accounts (Data Source)

Fetches details about all Service Accounts.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The unique identifier of the Service Accounts data source.
- `service_accounts` (Attributes List) The list of Service Accounts. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--service_accounts))

<a id="nestedatt--service_accounts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `service_accounts`

Optional:

- `namespace_accesses` (Attributes Set) The set of namespace permissions for this service account, including each namespace and its role. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--service_accounts--namespace_accesses))

Read-Only:

- `account_access` (String) The role on the account. Must be one of admin, developer, or read (case-insensitive).
- `created_at` (String) The creation time of the Service Account.
- `description` (String) The description of the Service Account.
- `id` (String) The unique identifier of the Service Account.
- `name` (String) The name associated with the service account.
- `namespace_scoped_access` (Attributes) The namespace-scoped access configuration for this service account. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--service_accounts--namespace_scoped_access))
- `state` (String) The current state of the Service Account.
- `updated_at` (String) The last update time of the Service Account.

<a id="nestedatt--service_accounts--namespace_accesses"></a>
### Nested Schema for `service_accounts.namespace_accesses`

Read-Only:

- `namespace_id` (String) The namespace to assign permissions to.
- `permission` (String) The permission to assign. Must be one of admin, write, or read (case-insensitive).


<a id="nestedatt--service_accounts--namespace_scoped_access"></a>
### Nested Schema for `service_accounts.namespace_scoped_access`

Read-Only:

- `namespace_id` (String) The namespace this service account is scoped to.
- `permission` (String) The permission to assign. Must be one of admin, write, or read (case-insensitive).
