---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "temporalcloud_namespace_export_sink Resource - terraform-provider-temporalcloud"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Provisions a namespace export sink.
---

# temporalcloud_namespace_export_sink (Resource)

Provisions a namespace export sink.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `namespace` (String) The namespace under which the sink is configured. It's needed to be in the format of <namespace>.<account_id>
- `sink_name` (String) The unique name of the export sink, it can't be changed once set.

### Optional

- `enabled` (Boolean) A flag indicating whether the export sink is enabled or not.
- `gcs` (Attributes) The GCS configuration details when destination_type is GCS. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--gcs))
- `s3` (Attributes) The S3 configuration details when destination_type is S3. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--s3))
- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The unique identifier of the namespace export sink.

<a id="nestedatt--gcs"></a>
### Nested Schema for `gcs`

Required:

- `bucket_name` (String) The name of the destination GCS bucket where Temporal will send data.
- `gcp_project_id` (String) The GCP project ID associated with the GCS bucket and service account.
- `region` (String) The region of the gcs bucket
- `service_account_id` (String) The customer service account ID that Temporal Cloud impersonates for writing records to the customer's GCS bucket.


<a id="nestedatt--s3"></a>
### Nested Schema for `s3`

Required:

- `aws_account_id` (String) The AWS account ID associated with the S3 bucket and the assumed role.
- `bucket_name` (String) The name of the destination S3 bucket where Temporal will send data.
- `kms_arn` (String) The AWS Key Management Service (KMS) ARN used for encryption.
- `region` (String) The region where the S3 bucket is located.
- `role_name` (String) The IAM role that Temporal Cloud assumes for writing records to the customer's S3 bucket.


<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
- `delete` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Setting a timeout for a Delete operation is only applicable if changes are saved into state before the destroy operation occurs.
