---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "temporalcloud_nexus Resource - terraform-provider-temporalcloud"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Provisions a Temporal Cloud Nexus Endpoint.
---

# temporalcloud_nexus (Resource)

Provisions a Temporal Cloud Nexus Endpoint.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The name of the Nexus endpoint.
- `target_endpoint` (Attributes) A target endpoint that receives and routes Nexus requests. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--target_endpoint))

### Optional

- `description` (String) The description for the Nexus endpoint.
- `endpoint_policy` (Attributes Set) The set of policies for the endpoint. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--endpoint_policy))
- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The unique identifier of the Nexus Endpoint.

<a id="nestedatt--target_endpoint"></a>
### Nested Schema for `target_endpoint`

Required:

- `worker_target_endpoint` (Attributes) The worker target specification. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--target_endpoint--worker_target_endpoint))

<a id="nestedatt--target_endpoint--worker_target_endpoint"></a>
### Nested Schema for `target_endpoint.worker_target_endpoint`

Required:

- `target_namespace_id` (String) The ID of the target cloud namespace to route requests to.
- `target_task_queue` (String) The task queue on the cloud namespace to route requests to.



<a id="nestedatt--endpoint_policy"></a>
### Nested Schema for `endpoint_policy`

Required:

- `allowed_cloud_namespace_policy` (Attributes) The allowed cloud namespace policy specification. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--endpoint_policy--allowed_cloud_namespace_policy))

<a id="nestedatt--endpoint_policy--allowed_cloud_namespace_policy"></a>
### Nested Schema for `endpoint_policy.allowed_cloud_namespace_policy`

Required:

- `namespace_id` (String) The namespace ID allowed to call into this endpoint.



<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
- `delete` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Setting a timeout for a Delete operation is only applicable if changes are saved into state before the destroy operation occurs.
